# Front-End-Development

**Summary Overview:**

This internship report is an overview of the website development tasks that I undertook during my internship. This report will discuss the details of the tasks assigned to me, the knowledge and skills I gained. During this internship, I was able to learn some fundamental concepts of HTML, CSS, JS, PHP and Angular framework. On the first 4 days of learning the Angular framework, I was instructed to create a Superheroes Dashboard by importing 700+ data from a CSV file. For this I implemented different kind of  charts like Bar, Line and Pie charts and completed this task by creating additional controlling features on my dashboard like Border width, changing color of the charts and selecting a specific chart among different. On the fifth day, I focused on studying how to create a Tennis Scoreboard in Angular. For the next two consecutive days, I learned how to install XAMPP and extract the OpenCart file. I then created a database for the development of the e-commerce web application. After that, I made an analysis of the store and admin panel view of Sales - orders. This helped me understand the process of setting up an e-commerce store and how to manage orders within it. On the 8th day, I spent the entire day on learning the basics of PHP. I started by learning about the different data types, objects and also learned about the different functions and operators available in PHP. After this, I moved on to learn about conditionals, loops and other control structures. And for rest of the days, I worked on developing a WordPress website using WooCommerce plugin. This included customizing the theme, adding products using attributes, variations and configuring plugins, integrating payment gateways, and testing the website for any bugs. Then I explored the code written in  “async-upload.php” and “themes.css” file from the admin folder of WordPress. Finally, I was given the task of developing an e-commerce website for selling fish online. The main objective of this project is to provide a simple, secure, flexible, fast online selling platform for the enhancement Customer-Merchant relationship. 'JK FishMart' is the name I chose for my shop. I added more than 30+ fishes under different categories using attributes and variations. Furthermore, I personalized my shop by setting up other WooCommerce services like Payment gateways, adding Taxes, Shipping details, etc., To extend the functionality of this site, I have installed several other plugins and activated them. Further customization of font, font color, background color, and billing methods made this site more attractive and visually good. By offering different billing methods, customers can have more choices when they pay for their purchased products. This made “JK FishMart” look more professional and trustworthy. At the end, this internship experience was invaluable to me. It provided me with the opportunity of gaining knowledge and skills related to my field of study and to apply my theoretical knowledge in a practical setting. It also gave me the opportunity of working in a professional environment.
